hey guys coming to you with another
video today is the equal lace front deep
invisible part wig her name is Bentley
and she comes in the color om 27 36 13
this is how packaging looks and how she
comes share the package on this
particular unit the lease has already
cut for you now I'm just giving you a
look at the curls this is how the deep
invisible part looks like it's a very
very natural in my opinion here we have
the cap construction the only lace on
here is the lace from the invisible part
I wouldn't actually consider this a lace
front wig right off the bat I don't like
it I thought it looked way too Wiggy for
me I just I didn't really I wasn't
feeling it whatsoever I'm looking at the
curls and you can obviously tell on my
face I don't really care for it I
thought if I brushed it and looked a
little softer released some of the curls
make it look a little bit more natural
I'm glad I did this eventually but like
I said right off the start I didn't like
it
I didn't really like how the wig looked
on me
when I first tried it on as you seen in
the beginning of the video so I'm going
to try it on again I put some makeup on
maybe I was like mm I was I was
barefaced
I didn't have any accessories on so I
put on some makeup you know you can't
exceed it and there's asses but I'm a
part by eye shadow you know I did my
face a little bit just a little bit so
I'm awesome mix it up did my eyebrows
put on on some earrings and now I'm
going to try the weak begin initially I
didn't like how it fit
I honestly from Jump Street I didn't
like anything about this way but um
trying it on it just felt really weird I
think it was the fact that it was
pre-cut lace the the fit of it just
really felt uncomfortable as you can see
I'm struggling with the columns that
comes were just too far back for my
liking
and it didn't feel secure I just I
didn't really you see me struggling I
didn't like it again I think the wig cap
is small the wig cap is small and I
don't like it cuz I have a really big
head so it looks better I mean it does
look a lot better with makeup that is
for sure that's way better with makeup I
had I mean it's growing on me
it's it's I I can work with it I guess